README.md, before:

# JobHunt Frontend

A modern Next.js application built with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Prettier, and shadcn/ui.

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Type safety
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Utility-first CSS
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - Reusable components
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - Code formatting

## Getting Started

First, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with your browser to see the result.

## Features

- Modern React with Next.js App Router
- Type-safe development with TypeScript
- Beautiful UI with Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui
- Consistent code style with Prettier

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [shadcn/ui Documentation](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs)

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Supabase configuration detail added in Readme

README.md, after:

# JobHunt Frontend

A modern Next.js application built with TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Prettier, and shadcn/ui.

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Type safety
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - Utility-first CSS
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - Reusable components
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) - Code formatting

## Getting Started

First, clone the repository and install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

## Supabase configuration

- Create an `.env` file in project folder
- Copy and paste the below code env file, replace with your supabase url & key
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL= https://your-project-id.supabase.co`
  `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY= your_anon_key`

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) with your browser to see the result.

## Features

- Modern React with Next.js App Router
- Type-safe development with TypeScript
- Beautiful UI with Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui
- Consistent code style with Prettier

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [TypeScript Documentation](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
- [shadcn/ui Documentation](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs)

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
